Finally, there emerged also this is an extremely cloud native option,
and that needs a little bit of knowledge of
a new abstraction or a new service in Amazon and namely Amazon Lambda.
The idea of lambda is it's like a function as a service.
So basically, when you go and get an EC2 machine, you get the machine,
and for the time it's up,
whatever it's doing, you're paying for the time it's up.
For the Amazon Lambda,
you don't even have the abstraction of a machine.
You put a piece of code and you run it.
You're not even aware that a machine was created.
You don't even know the IP of the machine on which you train.
In fact, if you run it twice,
it might turn out to different machines.
This is completely self-managed.
There is a service called Amazon Athena relatively new compared to EMR ,
and what Athena does is basically,
it loads the data and runs the computations on Amazon Lambda.
It decides how many of these needs to have and so on.
This is totally transparent management.
Again, that you can actually act either
interactively where each time it's going to do that computation,
or you can decide to save the data.
It also gives you an interface if you want to interactively,
if you so wish, you can do that or if you
can load the data from S3, that's also possible.
Now, for this option in general, supposedly the Lambda,
if you do not do things a lot,
if your computations pan,
I don't know, 10 percent of the day.
If they last one hour out of the 24 hours,
definitely Lambda is going to be better than EC2,
and definitely EC2 is going to be better than having EMR all the time on.
So, these are three different architectures that you are free to reason
about and to see where your business for the solution that you are working on,
what suits best the case at hand.